Okay,
so let's great another type of chart in this video.
And although I'm not a big fan off pie chart,
we're going to create a pie chart in this video.
And the reason I'm not a fan of pie charts is that they don't make it easier for you to
spot the differences in the values.
Actually,
the column and the bar charts make it much easier to spot the differences in values because
it's easier to spot the differences as differences in length on a column or a bar chart
than it is to spot the differences as differences in volumes,
or like the chunks or the parts of the picture.
And we will see that here in this example.
So I'm going to select a cell inside my pivot table here,
and I'm gonna go the insert tab on the ribbon and I'm gonna go here two pie charts and I'm
gonna insert a pie chart.
And is it sincere?
I've managed to insert a pie chart,
and it is clear that Europe has the biggest chunk of my sales on then.
Here I've got the Americas on Australia.
The Americas are a little bit higher than Australia.
But it's not easy to put the difference between the Americans and the Australia on a pie
chart,
as it is easy to do it on a column or a bar chart,
you can see her.
Australia and America's are quite close.
Its 3,000,400 something on Australia and it's 4,000,700 something on America's on.
Although there is one almost a 1.3 1,000,000 a dollar difference,
it's not as easy to spot the difference between them.
But if you,
for example,
create a bar chart,
I'm going to go toe insert here and then create a bar chart.
You can see here that it's much easier to spot that America's is greater than Australia
when it comes to sales.
So I'm just gonna select here this column chart and I'm gonna delete it,
says Higgins Here,
it's not as easy to spot it as it is on the column chart,
but still,
this is a relatively good case to use a pie chart because also would use a pie chart.
Make sure that you don't have a lot of data.
Points are a lot of chunks to compare between them because then the pie chart gets really
messy,
and in that case you have to use a column or bar chart.
You can also explode the bar chart here and separate the different chunks of the pie chart
.
You could do that certainly,
and you can also combine them back.
I did that by pressing and holding my left most button and dragging away,
and then also pressing and holding my left bones most bun and dragging towards the center.
The pie chart will combine the parts back together again.